Blow up the gun again, it's not too hard to be old
13 Your Highness, the envoys of heaven have really arrived
Why don't we go?
I see. I see.
You go first, I'll go later
Ouch Your Highness
This matter involves the majesty of my kingdom of heaven
There really can't be such a thing
You're messing around all over, it's annoying
Go go go fast
Your Highness Fa Cai
Lord Wang, you say this question is unsolvable
Does it represent the whole big money?
It seems that no one can solve the problem of big money
And the answer is very simple.
Just need your majesty
Your Majesty 13 His Highness sent the answer
First question
ant honey
Threading the needle